Graph: consists of vertices (nodes) and edges that are connected to each other

Minimum Spanning Tree(MST): spanning tree of a graph where the sum of the weight of all the edges is minimized

U -> Z: edge between U and Z

G(V, E): Graph G, where V is the set of vertices and E is the set of edges (connections between vertices)
	V can be written as V(G), E can be written as E(G)

hamiltonian cycle: vists each node exactly once and is a graph

preorder tree walk: start at topmost parent
		    	go through subtrees from left to right

prim's algorithm:
1) create a set (MSTSet) that keeps track of all vertices already in the MST. initially there are 0 vertices

2) assign a key value to all vertices EXCEPT the initial vertex to infinity. Initial vertex is 0 (picked first)

3) while MSTSet doesn't have all vertices
	a) pick a vertex (X) that is not in MSTSet and has the lowest key value. (multiple vertices can have lowest key value)
	b) add X to MSTSet
	c) update key values of vertices adjacent to X
		1. go through all adjacent vertices of X
		2. each singular adjacent vertex of X will be U
		3. if X -> U weight is less than current key value of U:
			update current key value of U to X -> U weight

Using Prim's for Traveling Salesman Problem:
1. compute total weights for graph G
2. assign vertex as root
3. fill MST set T with below:
   for each vertex U in vertices of graph:

	each key value of U is defined such that:
		parent of U's key value is null or infinity

	root key value is 0

	make a priority queue Q of all vertices that aren't in the tree already

	while Q is not empty:
		U is the vertex with the minimum key value
			for each vertex V adjacent to U:
				if (V is in Q) and (the weight of U -> V is less than the current key value of V):
					key value of parent of V is U
						key value of V is the weight of U -> V

3. make a list L of vertices visited in a preorder tree walk of T
4. return hamiltonian cycle H that visits vertices in order L

Roll-A-Ball:

* disregard steps 3 & 4 as they are not required for use-case